but I'll be indefinite came in shortly
after Easter of last year and so our
best guess is someone got them for
Easter bunnies when they were very very
little and very very adorable I just
didn't know what to do with them and
they came to us as very young sisters we
have an amazing volunteer group here and
when little bunnies come in volunteers
take them home raise them until they're
old enough to be spare neutered bring
them back to the shelter and put them up
for adoption these two went out to
foster were cared for handled every day
and basically made in molded into
perfect handable bunnies
Daphne and Alfie have to go together
because they've been together their
entire lives they're very used to each
other if they are apart they get very
very stressed they get very very
depressed and a lot of emotional things
and the bunnies the emotional translates
to the physical that means they can get
sick they won't live as long you'll have
a lot more problems with them separately
than you ever do as a pair people aren't
really sure what goes into adopting two
bunnies as opposed to adopting one so
they're expecting it to be a lot more
difficult than I said it actually really
is taking care of too much rabbits is
not any harder than taking care of one
the bunnies are actually excellent
apartment pets they're easy clean up
after they're both litter box trained
they don't need tons of attention all
the time the two of them they keep each
other busy often enough that you don't
have to spend all your time with them
almost a decade left a life that they
can live I don't have to spend it here
hi I'm the host of ask Evette you're
watching the pet collective cares don't
forget to subscribe